Captions made possible by
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
OKAY, TEN O'CLOCK AUDIENCE,
LISTEN UP !
PLEASE HAVE YOUR QUESTIONS
READY FOR DOCTOR DAVE
ON YOUR YELLOW
QUESTION CARD.
YOU MUST HAVE YOUR QUESTION CARD
FILLED OUT WITH YOUR QUESTION
WHAT'S YOURS SAY,
KAREN ?
"HOW CAN I STOP
FEELING SO COMPETITIVE
WITH MY MOTHER-IN-LAW ?"
I THINK I'VE HEARD
THAT ONE BEFORE.
TRY AND MAKE IT
MORE SPECIFIC.
HOW CAN I STOP FEELING
SO COMPETITIVE
WITH MY CHAIN-SMOKING
BITCH OF A MOTHER-IN-LAW ?
I DO NOT
HAVE ANY PENS.
IF YOU NEED A PEN PLEASE ASK
SOMEONE NEAR YOU FOR A PEN.
READ YOURS.
"I FEEL THAT I SHOULD BE HAPPY
BECAUSE I HAVE EVERYTHING.
"BUT I'M NOT HAPPY
"AND THAT MAKES ME FEEL
GUILTY ON TOP OF IT ALL
AND THEN
I HATE MYSELF."
AWW.
WELL, I WANT TO WRITE,
"I LOVE YOU, DOCTOR DAVE."
IS THAT CRAZY ?
DO YOU THINK
HE'LL GET MAD AT ME ?
IS HE MARRIED ?
KAREN JUST ASKED
IF HE WAS MARRIED.
WHERE DO YOU LIVE,
IN A HOLE ?
OF COURSE HE'S MARRIED,
AND HE'S VERY SENSITIVE
AND LOVING
WITH THE KIDS
AND HE WANTS TO MAKE LOVE
ONLY WHEN YOU DO
AND HE NEVER,
EVER PASSES GAS.
YOU'RE BAD.
WE WILL BE OPENING THE STUDIO
IN APPROXIMATELY ONE MINUTE.
OH, JESUS,
IT'S TIME.
PLEASE HAVE YOUR BAGS READY
TO BE INSPECTED BY SECURITY.
DOES ANYONE
HAVE A KLEENEX ?
I THINK I DO.
UM, I MIGHT NEED
ANOTHER KLEENEX.
HONEY, BEND OVER, DON'T LET
IT GET ON YOUR SUIT.
STAY IN A SINGLE FILE AS YOU GO
THROUGH THE METAL DETECTORS--
THE STUDIO
IS NOW OPEN !
THE STUDIO'S
OPENING UP !
IT'S JUST BEEN SO DRY,
YOU KNOW, THE SANTA ANA WINDS--
OH, DEAR.
KEEP THE PACK.
SHOULD I CALL
SOMEONE ?
KEEP MOVING,
PEOPLE !
YOU GO ON, I'M SURE
THIS IS GOING TO STOP.
JUST SAVE ME
A SEAT UP CLOSE.
OKAY, DO YOU WANT
MY CELL PHONE ?
HURRY, YOU'LL MISS
THE BEST SEATS !
WOW.
MA'AM, ARE YOU--
WE GOT
A SITUATION HERE.
( music )
WHATCHYA GOT ?
CORONER SAID SHE DIED
FROM A NOSEBLEED.
ISN'T THAT WHACKED ?
LOSING THAT MUCH BLOOD
JUST THROUGH YOUR NOSE ?
NOT AS UNCOMMON
AS YOU MIGHT THINK.
YOU KNOW, YOUR DAD AND I
ACTUALLY HAD A COUPLE
OF THESE
BACK IN THE DAY.
SHE WAS PROBABLY BORN
WITH A DEVIATED SEPTUM
AND AT SOME POINT,
LIKE MAYBE HIGH SCHOOL,
THEY FIXED IT.
OH YEAH, AND THEY GAVE HER
A CUTE LI'ITLE NOSE
WHILE THEY
WERE AT IT.
HMM, YEAH, THAT
COULD BE A NOSE JOB.
SOMETIMES PLASTIC SURGERY
CREATES THIS SCAR TISSUE,
WHICH CAN END UP
CHOKING A MAJOR ARTERY,
UNTIL IT FINALLY
JUST EXPLODES ONE DAY.
JESUS, WE'RE ALL JUST
WALKING TIME BOMBS.
YOU CAN POP HER
IN THE REEFER FOR NOW.
MY LARGE FRIEND'S
GONNA NEED BOTH TABLES
'TIL WE CAN
CASKET HIM.
OH, HEY, THAT TRIPLE-X
COME IN FROM APPLEBY YET ?
UH, NOPE.
SHIT.
WELL, LET ME KNOW WHERE YOU'RE
GONNA BE IN A COUPLE OF HOURS.
IT'S GONNA TAKE A FEW OF US
TO TRANSFER THIS GUY.
CAN'T, I'M TAKING OFF EARLY,
GOIN' AWAY FOR A COUPLE DAYS.
OH, YEAH ?
WHERE TO ?
CAM PING, FINALLY.
YOU KNOW, IN SEATTLE I USED TO
GO CAMPING EVERY OTHER WEEKEND.
THERE'S NOTHING I LOVE MORE
THAN JUST GETTING AWAY
WITH MY BACKPACK, TENT,
WHERE THERE'S NOBODY.
SOUNDS NICE.
YEAH, WELL.
NOW, LISA DECIDED SHE WANTED
TO COME, AND BRING MAYA,
SO, WE'RE ALL GOING.
PLUS SOME FRIENDS OF
OURS AND THEIR KID.
YOU AND VANESSA OUGHT
TO GET AWAY SOMETIME.
YEAH, WELL, EVERY WEEKEND
SINCE VANESSA'S MOM DIED
WE'RE AT HER HOUSE
CLEANING OUT ALL HER STUFF.
HOW'S VAN ESSA
HOLDING UP ?
MISSES HER MOM,
I GUESS.
DOESN'T TALK ABOUT IT
A WHOLE LOT.
WHAT'S TO SAY,
REALLY ?
OH, DAMNIT, WHERE THE HELL
DID MY NEW MOUSSE GO ?
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
SO MUCH FUN, BABY GIRL.
THE SKY'S NOT SMOGGY THERE
SO YOU GET TO SEE REAL STARS,
NOT THE FUZZY
INVISIBLE L.A. STARS,
AND YOU GET
TO PLAY WITH SPENCER,
AND SMELL
YOUR FIRST CAMPFIRE.
SHOULD WE BRING YOUR
BABY DEADHEAD ONESIE ?
OR IS THAT
TOO OBVIOUS ?
HEY, HONEY.
HEY.
HEY, HOW ARE
YOU DOING ?
ALRIGHT, SO,
LISTEN TO THIS.
"HIKES NEAR HUNGRY VALLEY,
DIFFICULT."
DO YOU THINK WE NEED
MORE THAN ONE SPATULA ?
"BE SURE TO CATCH THE INTENSE
SCENERY FROM ATOP SUICIDE ROCK,
"WHICH RECEIVED ITS NAME
WHEN A NATIVE AMERICAN PRINCESS
"THREW HERSELF
OFF THE ROCK,
RATHER THAN BE SEPARATED
FROM HER LOVER."
WE GO'I'I'A SEE THIS.
YOU NEVER KNOW,
BRING THE BOOK JUST IN CASE.
YOU CHECK MY TENT BAG
TO MAKE SURE I HAVE THE STAKES ?
WE RENTED
A TENT CABIN.
YEAH, I KNOW, I KNOW,
JUST IN CASE WE WANNA
SLEEP OUT ONE NIGHT.
WITH MAYA ?
YOU CAN'T SLEEP ON
THE HARD GROUND WITH A BABY.
WELL, OF COURSE YOU CAN, THIS IS
THE WAY EVERYONE USED TO LIVE.
ON THE LAND
OF THE CHUMASH.
YOU THINK NATIVE AMECANS
HAD TENT CABINS ?
WELL, THEY DIDN'T
HAVE CLIFF BARS
AND WE'RE
BRINGING THOSE.
PLUS WE HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE
WHAT TODD AND DANA WANNA DO.
JUST BECAUSE
WE'RE SHARING A CABIN
DOESN'T MEAN WE HAVE TO DO
EVERYTHING WITH THEM.
WELL, IF WE COULD
AFFORD OUR OWN--
HOW DOES
THAT APPLY ?
NEVER MIND.
I'M JUST GLAD WE FINALLY
HAVE "COUPLE FRIENDS".
YOU ARE SHI'I'I'ING ME.
WHAT ?
DEER SPRINGS TRAIL STARTS
RIGHT WHERE WE'RE STAYING
AND IT HEADS STRAIGHT
TO SUICIDE ROCK.
YOU WANT ME
TO PACK YOUR BOOKS ?
YOU MIND IF I LOOK AT 'EM
FOR A COUPLE MORE MINUTES ?
( sneezing )
GOD BLESS YOU,
ARTHUR.
THANK YOU.
ISN'T THAT
WONDERFUL ?
WHAT'S THAT ?
YOUR HANDKERCHIEF.
SUCH A LOVELY CUSTOM.
SHAME IT'S FALLEN
BY THE WAYSIDE.
OH, DARN IT ALL.
WHAT'S WRONG ?
"SILENT RUNNING"
WAS PLAYING
AT THE TWO-DOLLAR TH EATER
OVER THE WEEKEND.
I MISSED IT.
I DON'T BELIEVE I KNOW
"SILENT RUNNING".
PHENOMENAL FILM.
SCIENCE FICTION, BUT QUITE
OVERLOOKED IN THE GENRE.
OH.
IT'S ABOUT A BOTANIST WHO'S
MAROONED ON A SPACE FREIGHTER.
HIS ONLY COMPANIONS
ARE THREE LI'I'I'LE ROBOTS,
THAT LOOK LIKE
T-V SETS.
HE NAMES THEM
HUEY, DEWEY, AND LOUIE.
THEY PLAY POKER
WITH HIM.
THEY SOUND ADORABLE.
OH, THEY ARE.
QUITE LOVABLE INDEED.
AND YET...
BENIGN,
OBEDIENT.
MUCH LIKE
TELEVISION ITSELF.
PERHAPS THE WRITER'S COMMENT ON
HOW TECHNOLOGY CAN BE CONTROLLED
AND USED EFFECTIVELY
FOR HUMANKIND.
PERHAPS NOT.
STARRING BRUCE DERN.
WITH MUSIC
BY JOAN BAEZ.
I USED TO LOVE
LISTENING TO HER.
OH, WELL.
I'LL SEE IT
ANOTHER TIME.
NEED MORE COFFEE ?
NO, I JUST
FILLED IT.
'COURSE YOU DID.
THIS IS GONNA LOOK
HOT, HOT, HOT, BABY !
I DID BLUE HAIR IN LIKE,
THE EIGHTH GRADE, YOU KNOW ?
BUT THAT WAS
SINCERE BLUE HAIR.
THIS IS A COMMENT
ON BLUE HAIR.
MAYBE IT WAS
MORE MAGENTA.
MAYBE THIS IS
MY FIRST BLUE HAIR.
TIN FOIL THINGY ?
YEP.
MAKE SURE YOU'RE TAKING IT
FROM THE SAME PLACE
AS THE OTHER SIDE
SO IT'S EVEN AT LEAST.
IF IT'S TOO EVEN THEN IT LOOKS
LIKE YOU'RE TRYING TOO HARD.
IF IT'S HAPHAZARD
IT'S MORE LIKE FUCK YOU.
OKAY, BUT JUST
NOT TOO UNEVEN.
OH, GOOD.
THE "ENTER WITHOUT KNOCKING"
SIGN I PUT OUT THERE
IS CLEARLY LEGIBLE.
I'M ONLY UP HERE
BECAUSE RICO SAID
YOU TOOK
SOME OF MY BRUSHES.
WITHOUT ASKING.
RUSSELL, THIS IS
MY BROTHER, DAVID.
HEY.
SORRY, I'M BLUE.
I UNDERSTAND, I WORK WITH
DANGEROUS CHEMICALS MYSELF.
CLAIRE, WE USE THIS BRUSH
TO SPREAD VELVA-TONE
ON PEOPLE'S FACES.
SORRY.
I SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU
YOU WERE USING SOMETHING
WITH DEAD PEOPLE
ON IT.
I AIN'T SCARED
OF NO DEAD PEOPLE.
ANYWAY
IT'S YOUR HAIR.
MY HAIR'S NOT SCARED
OF NO DEAD PEOPLE.
MY HAIR WAS RAISED
WITH DEAD PEOPLE.
ALRIGHT, WELL,
WE'RE DONE.
WE GOT 15 MINUTES.
OH, THIS IS GREAT.
LIAR, IT SUCKS.
IT DOESN'T
SUCK AT ALL.
FIRST OF ALL, YOU'RE CRAZY,
IT'S TOTALLY PERFECT,
SECOND, ALL OLIVIER
SAYS ALL DAY LONG IS,
"LOOK AT RUSSELL'S
WORK, PEOPLE.
RUSSELL'S WORK IS PULSATING,
IT'S MAKING ME HARD."
YOUR TEACHER
SAYS THAT ?
YEAH, BUT IT'S NOT
LIKE HARASSMENT,
IT'S MORE LIKE A COMMENT
ON HARASSMENT.
I'M GOING
DOWNSTAIRS.
NICE TO MEET YOU,
RUSSELL.
WHEN DO WE RINSE ?
OH, ASS.
I FORGOT WHAT TIME
WE STARTED.
OH, ASS.
( laughing )
DOESN'T SMELL
TOO BAD IN HERE.
YEAH.
MAYBE WE CAN PUSH
A COUPLE OF BEDS TOGETHER.
BUT THEN MAYA MIGHT
FALL THROUGH THE MIDDLE.
MAYBE WE CAN PUSH A BED
AGAINST THE WALL.
JUST ONE SIX-PACK ?
WE'RE NOT GONNA BE
DRINKING THE WHOLE TIME.
WELL, OF COURSE
NOT THE WHOLE TIME,
BUT TODD LIKES HIS BEER,
AND I LIKE TO HAVE A FEW.
SURE, HE DRINKS,
BUT HE DOESN'T DRINK-DRINK--
I KNOW HE DOESN'T DRINK-DRINK,
BUT BETWEEN HIM AND ME
WE'LL GO THROUGH THIS SIX PACK
JUST TONIGHT, MINIMUM.
ISN'T THAT THE POINT,
WE SIT AROUND THE CAMPFIRE,
GET A BUZZ ?
DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
TO BRING MY WEED ?
YEAH, SO IF YOU HAVE YOUR WEED,
WHY DO YOU NEED THE BEER ?
MAYBE BECAUSE I'D LIKE TO
SERIOUSLY UNWIND AND KICK BACK
AND FORGET ABOUT THE FACT
I SPEND MY DAYS
SURROUNDED BY DEATH ?
TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH
ALL I REALLY CARE ABOUT
IS THAT YOU DON'T
SMOKE CIGARETTES.
NOT OUT HERE WHERE
THE AIR IS SO PRETI'Y.
I ALREADY PRETEND LIKE
I DON'T KNOW YOU SMOKE AT HOME.
WELL, I APPRECIATE
YOUR PRETENDING.
BUT NOT OUT HERE, I HATE
THE SMELL OF IT ON YOUR CLOTHES.
DEAL.
HEY I
HEY i
HOW YOU DOING,
ENCER ?
ALRIGHT.
THIS IS GREAT !
HEY.
HOW YA DOIN' ?
GOOD.
HOW ARE YA ?
HOW YA DOIN' ?
HOW ARE YOU ?
I'M GOOD.
WANNA HELP ME GET THE COOLER
OUT OF THE CAR ?
I BROUGHT A TON
OF BEER.
YEAH, SURE,
ABSOLUTELY.
SO, WHICH BED
DO YOU WANT ?
WHAT'S YOUR
PREFERENCE ?
THE ONE THAT DOESN'T
HAVE SCORPIONS IN IT.
LISTEN, SO,
I WAS THINKING TOMORROW
WE CAN CHECK OUT
SUICIDE ROCK.
OH, WHAT A GREAT
FUCKING HIKE THAT IS.
I WAS UP THERE LAST WINTER
BY MYSELF A COUPLE TIMES.
I DON'T SEE IT HAPPENING
THIS TRIP THOUGH.
WHY NOT ?
NOT WITH THE KIDS.
WELL, JUST YOU
AND I CAN GO UP.
NAH.
DANA WOULDN'T BE
INTO ME TAKING OFF.
WE SHOULD GO
UP THERE ANOTHER TIME
IF YOU WANNA
CHECK IT OUT.
C'MON.
WE'RE HERE NOW, DUDE, I'M SURE
WE CAN GET A COUPLE HOURS.
HOW LONG YOU TWO
BEEN MARRIED, BROTHA ?
( laughing )
COME IN.
PLEASE,
PLEASE ENTER.
OH, I DON'T NEED TO COME IN,
I JUST WANTED TO TELL YOU
THAT I WAS RUNNING ERRANDS
AT THE MALL OVER ON WESTERN,
YOU KNOW,
THE NEW MALL,
THAT JUST OPENED.
MORE OF A MINI-MALL,
BUT WITH UNDERGROUND PARKING.
WHAT DO THEY
CALL THOSE ?
I PULLED IN TO SEE
WHAT THEY HAD DONE WITH IT,
AND LO AND BEHOLD THEY HAD
A VIDEO STORE AND--
I GOT
"SILENT RUNNING'l !
( laughing )
Now Huey, you're gonna
plant the tree.
Dewey, you're gonna
dig the ditch.
And we'll do it right here
on the side oft hill.
HE HAS TO TEACH THEM
EVERYTHING.
U-U.
IT STANDS FOR
UNITARIAN UNIVERSALIST.
BUT IT'S ABOUT AS NOT-RELIGIOUS
AS A RELIGION CAN BE.
THAT WOULD BE NICE,
NOT A PLACE THAT PREACHES,
BUT A PLACE WHERE WE CAN BE
WITH OTHER PEOPLE LIKE US.
RIGHT, NO BIG
GOD THING,
NO CROSSES OR DRIPPING BLOOD
OR SHIT, EXACTLY.
JUST PEOPLE
GE'ITIN' TOGETHER.
ANYONE WANNA
CATCH A BUZZ ?
I GOT MY BULLET IN THE TENT,
SHOULD I GO GET IT ?
SURE, I MIGHT
HAVE A HIT.
YEAH, GO AHEAD,
GRAB IT.
ALRIGHT.
HOW OFI'EN DOES
JESUS COME UP ?
PRETI'Y RARELY.
BUT WHENEVER HE DOES THEY ALWAYS
REMIND US THAT HE WAS BLACK.
RIGHT.
AS OPPOSED TO THE BRAD PITT
JESUS AMERICA TRIES TO SELL US.
JESUS WASN'T BLACK.
'KAY.
NO THANKS.
WELL, I'M NOT GONNA HAVE ANY
IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO.
REALLY ?
YEAH.
WELL, IF YOU'RE NOT
GONNA HAVE ANY,
I GUESS I'LL PASS
FOR NOW, TOO.
OH GREAT, NOW I'M
THE ONLY ONE WHO'S STONED.
( laughing )
_ _* doomed
In his Innocence *
* in the sun
* gather your children
to your *
Oh, yeah, baby.
C'mon, fuck me hard,
do it !
IF I DON'T GET THE DISHWASHER
RUNNING SOON I'LL NEVER DO IT.
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING
FOR THE DISHWASHER ?
MY GLASS.
IT'S SO GREAT TO BE
OUT OF THE CITY.
I KNOW.
WOULDN'T IT BE COOL TO HAVE
TO TOTALLY LIVE OFF THE LAND ?
TO REALLY BE A PART OF NATURE,
INSTEAD OF JUST LOOKING AT IT.
NOT THAT COOL.
I'M GETTING MY
I-NEED-MY-STARBUCK'S HEADACHE.
I GUESS, IN THE PAST,
I DATED A LOT OF CRAZY GIRLS.
MM-HMM.
NEEDY,
ATTENTION SUCKERS.
YEP.
ARTIST SLASH WRITERS
SLASH PSYCHOS.
ALWAYS THIS WHOLE DRAMA THING,
WHERE IF I SAY SOMETHING,
SHE MIGHT TAKE IT
THE WRONG WAY.
LIKE I'M WALKING THROUGH THIS
MINE FIELD OF HER CHILDHOOD.
LIKE THERE SHOULD BE
A SIGN, YOU KNOW,
CAUTION, UNEXPLODED DADDY ISSUES
EVERY FUCKING WHERE.
I'VE BEEN THERE.
YEAH, BUT LISA'S DIFFERENT,
YOU KNOW ?
SHE KNOWS ALL THAT
BULLSHIT FAIRY-TALE STUFF
ISN'T REAL ANYWAY.
WORKING THROUGH IT,
WANTING TO.
THIS IS PROBABLY THE FIRST
ADULT RELATIONSHIP OF MY LIFE.
I DON'T KNOW,
OURS IS MORE LIKE,
WE CAN'T KEEP OUR HANDS
OFF EACH OTHER.
SHE JUST
LOVES TO BANG.
SOMETIMES I FEEL LIKE,
WHEN WE'RE HAVING SEX,
HE SECRETLY
HATES ME.
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
NOT CONSCIOUS, NOT LIKE
HE KNOWS IT ON ANY LEVEL.
I KNOW
IT'S STUPID,
BUT I REALLY FEEL
LIKE THAT SOMETIMES.
WELL, IT IS STUPID
BECAUSE YOU'RE A BEAUTIFUL,
AMAZING WOMAN AND YOU'RE
THE MOTHER OF HIS CHILD.
SO, WHY WOULD
HE HATE YOU ?
I KNOW, IT'S CRAZY.
BUT SOMETIMES IT'S LIKE THERE'S
THIS UNSPOKEN THING BETWEEN US.
UNSPOKEN WHAT ?
I DON'T KNOW.
YEAH, I'M THE MOTHER
OF HIS CHILD
SO, HE HAS
TO MADONNA-FY ME.
OR MAYBE I'M JUST MAD
AT THE WHOLE WORLD
BECAUSE MY ORGASM THING
IS SCREWED UP.
SINCE YOU HAD MAYA ?
YOU'VE HEARD
OF THIS ?
SOMETHING IS DIFFERENT
AND IT'S FREAKING ME OUT.
IT TOOK ME LIKE A COUPLE
OF MONTHS TO BE ABLE TO COME
AFI'ER SPENCE
WAS BORN.
WELL, I CAN COME,
BUT ONLY, LIKE,
HALF THE TIME
AND HALF AS INTENSE.
COULD CHILDBIRTH HAVE
REORGANIZED ME IN SOME WAY ?
I'VE HEARD THAT.
BUT I'M SURE
IT'LL GET BETI'ER.
SO WHAT DO YOU DO,
DO YOU JUST SAY,
"YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT
HAPPENING TONIGHT,
SO, YOU'RE ON BREAK,
HON ?"
NAH.
PLEASE DON'T TELL ME
THAT YOU FAKE IT.
'COURSE NOT.
OKAY, MAYBE I DO
EXAGGERATE HERE AND THERE.
( laughing )
REALIZING, YOU KNOW, EVERYTHING
HAS HAPPENED IN MY LIFE
SO, I COULD
BE READY FOR THIS.
MMM-HMM.
YEAH, IT'S LIKE YOUR HEART
IS OUTSIDE YOUR BODY
AND YOU CAN SEE IT
FOR THE FIRST TIME--
AND KNOWING THAT
ALL OF IT, ALL OF IT,
IT'S ALWAYS
BEEN ABOUT HER.
YES, GOD, YES.
I FEEL THE EXACT
SAME WAY ABOUT MAYA.
I WAS TALKING
ABOUT DANA.
I DON'T KNOW, OUR THING IS JUST,
IT'S INCREDIBLY HOT STILL.
HE'S GOT THE DIRTIEST MOUTH,
OH, I LOVE IT.
LIKE WHAT ?
LIKE WHAT, WHAT ?
THE DIRTY TALK,
WHAT DOES HE SAY ?
CHILDREN
IN THE VICINITY--
SO WHISPER,
JUST TELL ME ONE.
THIS SOUNDS SO STUPID
OUT OF CONTEXT.
OKAY, LIKE...
OH BABY, I WANNA
CUM ON YOUR TITS.
SEE, IT SOUNDS
SO STUPID.
( laughing )
(crying )
OH, MY GOD,
THERE'S A SNAKE !
C'MON.
GUYS, GET BACK.
SHH, SHH,
IT'S OKAY.
DON'T MAKE
ANY NOISE.
DON'T MOVE.
NATE !
WHAT DID YOU
DO THAT FOR ?
IS IT DEAD ?
IT'S WAY
PAST DEAD.
WHOA.
POOR LI'I'I'LE GUY.
THAT'S NOT COOL, MAN,
THAT SNAKE'S NOT POISONOUS.
IT'S A GOPHER SNAKE.
I KNOW WHAT KIND OF
FUCKING SNAKE IT IS.
OH, FUCK !
GODDAMN IT,
DON'T ANY OF YOU FUCKERS
WANNA GO FOR A FUCKING HIKE,
HUH, COME ON ?!
AAAAH!
( baby crying )
MEDIOCRE.
REDUNDANT.
TERRIBLE.
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
MMM.
ELEPHANT ART !
( laughing )
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHAT ELEPHANT ART IS ?
A TERM THE FLUXISTS
INVENTED.
MY DAD WAS A FLUXIST.
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHAT A FLUXIST IS ?
FUCK THAT, WHY DOESN'T ANYONE
KNOW WHAT ELEPHANT ART IS ?
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE,
DON'T YOU GUYS READ ?
THIS IS ELEPHANT ART.
MY HEAD IS
ON BACKWARDS.
I FEEL LIKE MY HEAD
IS ON BACKWARDS !
YES, WE GET IT.
TERMITE ART.
LOOK AT ME, CLAIRE.
TINY, BEAUTIFUL
TERMITE ART.
TERMITES WORK
SECRETLY AT NIGHT.
BUT THEY CAN TEAR DOWN A HOUSE
AS FAST AS AN ELEPHANT CAN,
BUT THEY
DON'T STOMP,
THEY INFEST.
GOOD JOB.
LIKE THAT ?
EXACTLY,
JUST LIGHT TOUCH.
YOU DON'T WANT TO GO ALL
JOAN CRAWFORD ON HIM.
NO, I CERTAINLY DON'T.
HELLO, ARTHUR ?!
IS IT OKAY WITH YOU
IF I RETURN THIS ?
DON'T KEEP IT
FOR ME.
GOOD, WELL,
I'LL TAKE IT BACK THEN.
THERE'S NOTHING ELSE YOU'D LIKE
ME TO PICK UP WHILE I'M THERE,
IS THERE ?
NOT THAT
I CAN THINK OF.
OKAY, THEN.
THERE'S LEFI'OVER BLINTZES
IN THE FRIDGE IF YOU GET HUNGRY.
EITHER OF YOU.
THANK YOU.
HEY, DON'T THINK JUST
BECAUSE YOU'RE LIVING HERE
YOU HAVE TO DO THINGS
WITH THE MUNSTERS UP THERE.
I DON'T
THINK THAT.
I MEAN, TAKE
A LOAD OFF, ARTHUR.
OKAY.
NOW, BIGGIE SMALL'S VIEWING
IS TOMORROW MORNING.
YOU EVER WORKED WITH
A TRIPLE-X CASKET BEFORE ?
NOT QUITE
THIS SIZE.
THIS IS WHAT WE CALL ADVANCED
CASKETING TECHNIQUES 101.
SEE, THE VIEWING
IS TOMORROW,
BUT WE'RE GOING TO LAY HIM
OUT UPSTAIRS TONIGHT.
BECAUSE THIS IS
NOT THE TYPE OF THING
YOU WANNA BE WORRYING
ABOUT THE MORNING OF.
I THOUGHT
IT WAS GREAT.
THAT'S NOT
THE POINT.
EVERYBODY MAKES
CRAP SOMETIMES.
BUT WHAT'S WITH THE BIG
NEED TO HUMILIATE ME ?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, I DON'T DO WELL
WITH THIS KIND OF THING.
I DON'T NEED SOMEBODY
TELLING ME THAT I SUCK.
PARTICULARLY IN FRONT
OF PEOPLE WHO, FOR A FACT,
SUCK WAY WORSE
THAN I DO !
I MEAN, DID YOU SEE THAT
WHAT'S-HER-NAME LEVINE'S
STUPID FUCKING MERMAID ?
I MEAN, HOW CAN YOU
GROW AS AN ARTIST
IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE FREEDOM
TO FAIL NOW AND THEN ?
I FAILED.
NO, HE LIKES YOURS.
REALLY ?
BECAUSE THAT WASN'T
THAT CLEAR TO ME.
FUCK IT, WHAT DIFFERENCE
DOES IT MAKE ?
THE WORLD'S GONNA BE BLOWN
TO SMITHEREENS ANY DAY NOW.
WE JUST KISSED.
MMM.
WE JUST
KISSED AGAIN.
NATE, GO HIKE.
DON'T YOU WANT
TO COME WITH ?
I HAVE
MY MAGAZINES.
YOU SURE ?
GO.
ALRIGHT.
I'LL ONLY BE
AN HOUR-ISH OR TWO-ISH.
OKAY...
I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
YOU'RE NOT SAYING GO AHEAD
AND HIKE WHEN WHAT
YOU REALLY MEAN IS STAY HERE
AND HELP ME WITH THE BABY
OR I'LL SECRETLY HATE YOU.
NOW'S THE PERFECT TIME, I HAVE
MY MAGAZINES, MAYA'S MELLOW.
GO.
ALRIGHT.
THANKS, HONEY.
ALRIGHT, BABY,
I'LL SEE YOU LATER, OKAY ?
( heavy breathing )
( crow cawing )
( sighing )
OH MY GOD,
NO FUCKING WAY !
WHAT IN THE WORLD
ARE YOU DOING UP HERE ?!
I'M, WE'RE ON A CAMPING TRIP,
ME AND LISA AND THE--
WE'RE DOWN AT THE END
OF DEER SPRINGS TRAIL,
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE ?
I'M AT A B-AND-B DOWN IN
HUNGRY VALLEY WITH SOME FRIENDS,
THEY'RE RIGHT BEHIND ME
A LITTLE WAYS.
I DON'T
BELIEVE THIS !
IT'S LIKE FATE, HUH ?
( sighing )
HOW ARE YOU DOING ?
UH, AT THIS MOMENT,
NOT GREAT.
TO BE PERFECT LY HONEST,
I THINK IT'S REALLY WEIRD
THAT YOU'RE UP HERE RIGHT NOW.
I AM HIKING, WITH MY FRIENDS,
WHO ARE RIGHT BEHIND ME.
YEAH ?
YEAH.
FRIENDS, HUH,
WHAT ARE THEIR NAMES ?
FRANK AND DOUGLAS.
( laughing )
YOU THINK I CAN'T TELL
WHEN YOU'RE LYING TO ME ?
WHOA, WHAT'S WITH
THE PARANOIA ?
WHAT ARE YOU,
HIGH ?
ARE YOU
STALKING ME NOW ?
DON'T FLATI'ER
YOURSELF.
YOU'RE FUCKING
STALKING ME !
YOU FOLLOWED ME
AND MY FAMILY UP HERE.
WHAT THE FUCK
DO YOU WANT FROM ME,
YOU CRAZY
FUCKING BITCH ?!
OH YEAH,
I'M CRAZY.
WHOO-HOO, CRAZY.
SCARY, CRAZY,
PSYCHO, RIGHT ?
( barking )
TELL ME
THE FUCKING TRUTH !
I NEEDED
TO TALK TO YOU.
YEAH, WELL,
WE ALREADY TALKED.
AND CLAIRE SAID THAT
YOU WERE UP IN KERN COUNTY,
SO, YOU KNOW, I CAME UP HERE
ON THE OFF CHANCE THAT--
WERE YOU WATCHING ME
WHEN WE WERE CAMPING ?
NO, NO,
IT'S NOTHING LIKE THAT.
DAMNIT, STOP
BULLSHITI'ING ME !
NATE, I MISS YOU.
SO MUCH.
DON'T YOU MISS ME ?
NO, I DO NOT,
I DO NOT MISS YOU.
YES, YOU DO, YOU DO, YOU THINK
ABOUT ME, I KNOW YOU DO.
NO, THIS IS NOT
GOING TO HAPPEN.
THIS IS NOT
GONNA HAPPEN, ALRIGHT ?
KISS ME, JUST KISS ME ONCE,
JUST ONCE, BABY.
AND THEN WE'RE DONE.
MMM.
YEAH, REMEMBER
THAT FEELING ?
FLOWING INTO EACH OTHER
LIKE WATER ?
LOOK, I CAN'T--
I CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT THAT,
I CAN'T, I WON'T.
WELL, YOU'RE
GONNA HAVE TO.
I'M SO SORRY.
I'M SORRY
FOR EVERYTHING.
BRENDA !
I'M KIND OF EMBARRASSED
TO ADMIT THIS TO YOU
THAT WAS
MY FIRST TIME.
SHUT UP.
OH MY GOD.
OH MY GOD,
I DID THAT TO YOU ?
WELL, THE FIRST TIME.
SO, TECHNICALLY THAT WAS
YOUR FIRST AND SECOND TIME.
UH-HUH.
THAT'S IMPRESSIVE.
YEAH ?
I WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT WAS,
LIKE, YOUR FIFTH OR SIXTH TIME.
( laughing )
I FEEL REALLY SAFE
WITH YOU, CLAIRE.
YOU ARE REALLY
SAFE WITH ME.
( crashing )
WHAT THE FUCK
WAS THAT ?
GOODNESS.
RICO'S GOING
TO HAVE MY BEHIND.
CLAIRE ?!
WHAT ?
CLAIRE ?
I'M SORRY.
I CAN SEE YOU'RE
ENTERTAINING, HI.
AND I WOULDN'T ASK IF THIS
WEREN'T A GENUINE CRISIS.
DAVID'S NOT HERE,
NATE'S CAMPING.
I'M GOING TO
NEED YOUR HELP.
AND WOULD YOU MIND ASKING
YOUR FRIEND ALSO, TOO, PLEASE ?
STAY HERE.
CLAIRE, PLEASE.
GO GET YOUR FRIEND
RIGHT NOW.
RUTH, WAIT RIGHT HERE,
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
YOU HAVE A FRIEND
IN THE HOUSE ?
THE BOY
WITH THE TATTOO ?
ANOTHER ONE.
I'M NOT BRINGING HIM
DOWN HERE.
RUSSELL, YOU REALLY
DON'T NEED TO BE HERE.
YES, HE DOES.
IT'S OKAY,
I'M COOL.
HELLO, MRS. FISHER.
OH, I KNOW YOU.
HOW NICE TO SEE YOU
AGAIN, RUSSELL.
NOW, DEAD WEIGHT IS THE HARDEST
KIND OF WEIGHT TO MOVE.
I'M GOING TO NEED
THE STRENGTH OF EVERYONE HERE.
JUST TELL ME
WHAT TO DO.
WE DON'T HAVE
MUCH TIME.
HIS FACIAL CARTILAGE IS
COLLAPSING AS WE SPEAK.
OUR FIRST CONCERN IS ROLLING OUR
FRIEND OVER HERE ONTO THE BOARD.
ON THE COUNT
OF THREE.
ONE...
TWO...
TH REE.
( groaning )
WELL DONE.
HE DOESN'T
LOOK TOO BAD.
NOW, I WANT YOU TO POSITION
YOURSELF AT A CORNER.
IS THIS CORNER OKAY ?
YEAH.
WE'RE SIMPLY GOING TO LIFT
THE BOARD ONTO THE GURNEY
SO I CAN GET IT
DOWNSTAIRS.
ON THE COUNT
OF THREE,
YOU'RE GOING TO GIVE IT
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT.
EVERYTHING !
LIFT WITH
YOUR LEGS.
ONE, TWO, THREE, LIFT !
( grunting )
WELL,
I GUESS
THAT DIDN'T WORK.
OKAY, I'M STARTING TO GET
A LITTLE FREAKED OUT NOW.
JUST A LITTLE.
CLAIRE, I'M SORRY I RAISED YOU
AROUND SO MUCH DEATH
AND THAT YOUR FRIEND
HAD TO SEE THIS.
YEP.
THE CRANIOFACIAL WORK
IS A LITTLE TRICKY,
BUT I'LL DO WHAT I CAN BEFORE
YOU ARRIVE IN THE MORNING.
OF COURSE, I'LL WAIT FOR YOUR
ASSISTANCE BEFORE I HOIST.
YES, I THINK
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
AND AGAIN, FEDERICO, I AM
SO SORRY ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED.
NO, IT COULDN'T
HAVE HAPPENED TO ANYONE.
I SHOULDN'T HAVE LET IT
HAPPEN ON MY WATCH.
I'M SORRY.
OKAY.
SORRY.
WELL,
I THINK I'M GOING UP
TO MAKE SOME HOT COCOA.
WOULD YOU LIKE
JOIN ME FOR A CUP ?
THANK YOU, BUT THIS REQUIRES
MY IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
I SUSPECT I'LL BE
PULLING AN ALL-NIGHTER.
I CAN BRING IT
DOWN TO YOU.
CHOCOLATE
MAKES ME QU EASY.
OKAY, THEN.
TEA ?
NO, REALLY, NOTHING.
I THINK SPENCE'LL STAY
ASLEEP FOR ABOUT AN HOUR.
BUT IF SHE WAKES UP,
JUST GIVE HER THE THOMAS
THE TANK ENGINE THINGY.
AND WE PROMISE,
IF YOU GUYS WANNA TAKE
A PRIVATE NATURE HIKE LATER
WE'LL WATCH MAYA.
IT'S REALLY
ONLY FAIR.
FAIR IS FAIR.
HAVE FUN.
I HATE COUPLES
LIKE THAT.
ALWAYS LETTING YOU KNOW
HOW GREAT THEIR SEX LIFES.
YEAH.
I KINDA THINK THEY BOTH
PROTEST A LITTLE TOO MUCH,
YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN ?
LIKE, SEX IS EVERYTHING,
SEX IS EVERYTHING,
SHE'S ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT IT
LIKE IT'S THE GLUE--
RIGHT--
BUT WHAT HAPPENS WHEN SOMEONE
GETS THROAT CANCER OR DIARRH EA
AND YOU HAVE TO SEE
THE REAL PERSON ?
YEP.
THEN YOU HAVE
TO BE ABLE TO WHATEVER,
HELP THEM INTO
THEIR ELECTRONIC CART
OR MAKE THEM THEIR VITAMIN DRINK
AND STILL LOVE THEM
EVEN THOUGH
NO ONE FEELS SEXY.
YEAH, IT'S ABOUT
SO MUCH MORE THAN JUST--
"TODD AND I HAVE THE GREATEST
SEX IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
I JUST LOVE IT WHEN
HE CUMS ON MY TITS."
PLEASE.
SHE SAID THAT ?
OKAY, I'M READY.
YOU'RE ALL KNOTTED UP
BACK HERE.
MMM-HMM.
YES.
OH, SO NOW YOU'RE BOTH
GOING THROUGH YOUR BLUE PERIOD.
DON'T GET MAD
AT ME, FISHER !
IF RUSSELL HAS SOMETHING
TO SAY TO ME, HE CAN SAY IT.
HOW'S MY PRESSURE ?
GO DEEPER.
GOD, WHY IS HE SUDDENLY
TURNED INTO SUCH AN ASSHOLE ?
JUST IGNORE HIM.
WELL, YOU
IGNORE HIM, TOO.
OKAY, IT'S JUST HAIR.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS.
HEY, FUCK ELEPHANT
TERMITE WHATEVER.
I MEAN, I ALREADY FORGOT
WHO WAS THE ELEPHANT
AND WHO WAS
THE TERMITE.
IT'S NOT THAT, OLIVIER,
IT'S JUST,
WHAT'S THE POINT OF
TRYING TO HUMILIATE--
I WAS THE ELEPHANT.
AND WHY DO YOU
EVEN GIVE A SHIT ?
BECAUSE YOU'RE MY TEACHER
AND I RESPECT YOU.
DON'T YOU FUCKING
RESPECT ME.
I'M AN IDIOT, SEE ?
I'M NOT GOD.
DON'T YOU EVER RESPECT ANYONE
EXCEPT YOUR FUCKING SELF.
FUCKING BABIES.
HEY, MOM.
HELLO, DEAR,
I WASHED YOUR SHEETS.
WHAT'S THAT ?
ARTHUR'S
HANDKERCHIEF.
YOU'RE DOING
HIS LAUNDRY FOR HIM ?
IT MUST HAVE GOTTEN
MIXED INTO MY THINGS.
THAT'S GROSS.
IT'S JUST A HANKY.
I KNOW,
AND HANKIES ARE GROSS.
FIRST OF ALL, THE WORD
IS GROSS, "HANKY".
IT'S JUST A WORD.
AND SECOND OF ALL,
HANKIES THEMSELVES ARE GROSS.
A SNOT COVERED RAG THAT
SITS IN YOUR POCKET ALL DAY.
THAT WILL BE FINE !
WHO KNOWS WHERE THE SNOT IS,
IT COULD BE ANYWHERE.
YOU PUT IT BACK IN YOUR POCKET
AND SAVE IT FOR LATER.
I MEAN, MOM,
NOT ALL PROGRESS IS BAD.
THERE'S KLEENEX,
HELLO ?
I KNOW.
( laughing )
NOW, YOU'RE JUST
TRYING TO BE CUTE.
OH, FORGIVE ME, HOT.
YES, OF COURSE I DO.
MORE SO NOW
THAN EVER.
MOM'S VACUUMING
MY ROOM.
I GOTTA GO.
OKAY.
SHUT UP,
NO, I'M NOT.
I AM NOT,
I'M NOT, STOP.
I'M HANGING UP,
GOODBYE.
YOU AND PHIL
BACK TOGETHER ?
PHIL ?
NO, RUSSELL.
THE GAY ONE ?
WHAT ?!
RUSSELL, THE GUY
IN YOUR ROOM THE OTHER DAY ?
WHAT MAKES YOU
THINK HE'S GAY ?
OH, WE CAN SMELL IT
ON EACH OTHER.
DAVID !
UM, LET'S SEE,
YOU TOLD ME HE WAS ?
YOU'D REFERRED TO HIM BEFORE
AS "MY GAY FRIEND RUSSELL,"
I BELIEVE.
OH.
HE'S NOT ANYMORE ?
NO, HE NEVER WAS,
I WAS JUST CONFUSED.
CLAIRE, LISTEN.
WHEN I WAS IN HIGH SCHOOL,
I DATED GIRLS.
WE'RE IN COLLEGE.
AND WHEN I WAS
IN COLLEGE.
AND AFTER COLLEGE.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT I WAS
AND WHILE I WAS TRYING
TO FIGURE IT OUT I KEPT GOING
BACK AND FORTH IN MY MIND,
YOU DON'T GET IT, THERE'S NO
BACK AND FORTH WITH RUSSELL.
HE'S NEVER BEEN GAY,
I WAS JUST ASSUMING.
HE HAS NEVER
BEEN GAY.
HE'S NEVER EVEN HAD SEX
WITH ANYONE BEFORE ME.
OKAY, MY MISTAKE.
I CAN'T MAKE A PHONE CALL
IN THIS FUCKING HOUSE,
BECAUSE I DON'T GET
CELL RECEPTION ANYWHERE
AND MY MOTHER'S
IN MY FUCKING ROOM...
WHAT AGE DID YOU COMPLETELY
STOP SLEEPING WITH WOMEN ?
I MEAN, I KNOW WHEN YOU
FIRST SLEPT WITH THAT BOY,
BUT DID YOU OVERLAP
AFTER THAT ?
YEAH.
THERE WERE LIKE 10 YEARS
WHEN I WASN'T SURE,
OR I WAS SURE,
BUT I DIDN'T WANT TO BE SURE,
AND I WAS WITH
SOME WOMEN.
PRETTY SERIOUSLY.
WELL, JENNER.
YEAH.
I WAS WITH
A TON OF WOMEN.
I LIKED
FUCKING WOMEN.
YEAH, I KNOW,
YOU'VE TOLD ME.
WHAT I MEAN WAS, I DID THIS
WHOLE EMOTIONAL DEAL WITH GIRLS.
WOMEN.
LIKE...
HONEY, I COULD
REALLY THINK ABOUT
SPENDING THE REST
OF MY LIFE WITH YOU.
I DON'T KNOW,
BUY SOME LAND
IN NORTHERN CALIFORNIA ?
AND BUILD A HOUSE,
DESIGN IT OURSELVES.
WHAT ABOUT WILLEM FOR A BOY
AND COCO FOR A GIRL,
OR WILLEM AND MAX
IF WE HAVE TWIN BOYS.
OR IF WE HAVE TWIN GIRLS,
COCO AND CLEMENTINE.
ARE YOU SURE THEY DIDN'T
KNOW YOU WERE GAY ?
NO, THEY DIDN'T
EVEN SUSPECT.
THEY THOUGHT
I WAS THEIR MAN,
THEY LOOKED RIGHT
BACK INTO MY EYES.
ALL THE WHILE I WAS
JUST TRYING THAT GUY ON
TO SEE IF I COULD
MAKE IT FIT.
( male on tv)
Oh, yeah !
Okay, right there,
right there !
SHE'S DOWN.
GREAT.
YOU GUYS WANNA
TAKE YOUR TURN ?
WE'RE LEAVING TODAY--
WE SHOULD PACK.
OH, YOU CAN PACK LATER,
GO TAKE THE HOUR.
GO ON.
IF SHE WAKES UP--
SHE'LL BE FINE.
GO, YOU GUYS,
HAVE FUN.
WHAT DO YOU SAY ?
SHE CAN'T COME,
YOU KNOW ?
REALLY ?
REALLY.
PRETTY.
YEAH.
DO YOU WANT TO, UH ?
NO, NOT REALLY.
I'D BE AFRAID
TO TAKE MY CLOTHES OFF.
SOMETHING COULD
CRAWL ON ME.
WE'RE NOT REALLY
TODD AND DANA, ARE WE ?
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN ?
I WAS JUST ACKNOWLEDGING,
I GUESS, THAT THE REASONS
WE'RE TOGETHER
AREN'T THE SAME AS--
SAY IT.
WHAT, THERE'S
NOTHING TO SAY.
SAY IT, NATE.
WHY ARE YOU
EVEN WITH ME ?
WHAT ARE YOU EVEN
HERE FOR ?
YOU MEAN UP
ON THIS TRIP, WHAT ?
WHY DID YOU
MARRY ME ?
YOU THINK MAYA
AND I NEED YOU ?
YOU DON'T WANT THIS, I MEAN,
YOU WANT YOUR DAUGHTER.
BUT YOU DON'T
WANT ME, DO YOU ?
JESUS, I CAN'T
FUCKING SAY ANYTHING !
YOU CAN'T SAY
HURTFUL THINGS, NO.
AND IT'S TOTALLY
HURTFUL TO SUGGEST
WE'RE ONLY TOGETHER
BECAUSE OF MAYA.
LISA, I'M NOT TRYING
TO HURT YOU, OKAY ?
THAT WAS ME JUST THINKING
SOMETHING, OPENING MY MOUTH,
SAY IT, YOU KNOW
HOW FRIENDS DO ?
BUT IN ORDER FOR ME TO BE
ABLE TO DO THAT WITH YOU,
THAT WOULD MEAN
YOU'D HAVE TO LIKE ME.
OH, THAT'S STUPID.
NO, IT'S NOT, LISA,
THINK ABOUT IT,
THE SECOND
I SAY SOMETHING,
IF IT DOESN'T FIT INTO YOUR
FUCKING FAIRY TALE IDEA OF--
HEY, THIS IS NO FAIRY TALE,
THAT I KNOW.
YOU MADE UP A STORY ABOUT US
AND YOU CAST ME IN THIS ROLE.
YOU CAST YOURSELF
IN THAT ROLE.
WHAT, MAKING THE MOTHER OF
MY CHILD HAPPY IS A ROLE ?
I DON'T THINK SO,
OKAY ?
BUT YOU, YOU HAVE THIS TOTALLY
NARROW PATH I CAN WALK ON,
WHERE I'M ON YOUR,
YOUR FUCKING LEASH !
NO SMOKING,
TWO BEERS A NIGHT,
NO SMOKING POT WITHOUT
PRIOR WRITTEN APPROVAL !
SMOKE YOUR
FUCKING LUNGS OUT !
I DON'T GIVE A SHIT
ABOUT SMOKING, LISA !
I GIVE A SHIT
ABOUT BEING MYSELF.
ABOUT SAYING WHAT I NEED TO SAY
OR EVEN WHAT I ACCIDENTALLY SAY
AND NOT HAVE YOU FUCKIN'
FREAK OUT ON ME, OKAY ?
I'M SORRY, THEN.
FUCK.
I'M SORRY.
KISS ME.
WHAT, NO--
HONEY, I WANT TO GET
BETTER AT THIS.
HELP ME, OKAY ?
TAKE YOUR
JEANS OFF.
UH.
TAKE 'EM OFF.
HERE ?
YEAH, LIE DOWN
ON THAT ROCK.
THAT ROCK IS HARD
AND COLD.
LIE DOWN ON THAT.
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
I WANNA FUCK YOU
ON THIS ROCK.
BUT FIRST...
I'M GONNA
MAKE YOU SCREAM,
SO THAT EVERYBODY BACK
AT CAMP CAN HEAR YOU,
AND THEN,
WHEN YOU'RE EXHAUSTED,
AND YOU'RE LAYING HERE,
COMING DOWN.
I'M GOING
TO FUCK YOU.
RIGHT HERE...
ON THIS ROCK.
THERE WERE
A COUPLE OF TIMES,
BACK IN SEATTLE,
WHEN WE HAD SEX LIKE THAT.
ONCE WHEN YOU CAME HOME
FROM SOME PARTY
AT THAT COSTUME
DESIGNER'S HOUSE,
WHO WORKED FOR SEATTLE REP,
WHAT WAS HER NAME ?
TESSA.
RIGHT.
SHE HAD JUST
BROKEN IT OFF WITH YOU
AND YOU WERE SO DRUNK
AND PISSED.
AND YOU CAME HOME AND WE ENDED
UP HAVING THE MOST AMAZING SEX
I'D EVER HAD
IN MY LIFE.
( baby cooing )
THE OTHER TIME WAS THE NIGHT
AFTER YOU RAN THE MARATHON
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
YEAH.
AND THAT GIRL
YOU MET FROM PORTLAND
WAS SUPPOSED TO COME OVER
AND CELEBRATE...
BUT SHE NEVER
SHOWED UP.
LIS, THAT'S
ALL BEHIND US.
I KNOW.
I'M--
IT'S NICE NOW,
THAT IT'S JUST US.
I LOVE YOU, NATE.
GOD, I'VE LOVED YOU
FOR SUCH A LONG TIME.
I LOVE YOU TOO,
HONEY.
* COME AND FIND ME NOW
* I KEEP YOU
IN A FLOWER VASE *
* FATALISM,
CROOKED FACE *
* WITH THE DAISIES
AND THE VIOLET BROCADES *
* AND I KEEP ME IN A VACANT LOT
AND THE IVIES FORGET ME NOT *
* HOPING YOU WILL COME AND
UNTANGLE ME ONE OF THESE DAYS *
* COME AND FIND ME NOW
Captions Copyright 2003
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
Captioned by
HBO COMMUNICATIONS CENTER